the song is called lottie diet with help
from
jaden and travis barker nessa barrett
[Music]
only nine more years to go
i got a bully in my head
fake love fake friends i was broken when
you left
now you hear me everywhere you go
[Music]
know
is
[Music]
yeah yeah that's what happens when i
fall apart
all of me wants all of you but i'm far
away and i can't choose
got a lot of lessons that i need to
learn got a lot of lessons
my depression and misconception and all
the mistakes
that lead to lessons my depression it
makes me question
my depression it makes me
[Music]
oh is
want the drugs that taste like candy
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
you